# Data Module

## Aim of the module

The aim of this module is to read data stored in the files generated by Scraper Module, perform calculations (calculate smells parameters and regression parameters) and save results in the files, that will be used by the Machine Learning Module.

## How to run the module

Firstly you have to collect data files about each community (changed_files.txt; commits.csv; contributors.csv; files_in_repo.txt; insertions_commits.csv; milestones.csv; releases.csv; subscribers.csv; users.csv) generated by the Scraper Module in separate directory. 

The next step is to create another directory, where you want to save generated files with result data. 
If you want to use this module you can run the generated jar in console command (as in the example below). 

You should provide as the first argument the path to the directory (that contains subdirectories) with information mentioned before. The second argument is the path to the directory where we want to store files created by Data Module.

Example of the command:
```bash
java -jar program.jar C:\dir1\dir2\scraper-master\data C:\dir3\dir4\results
```
As the result you will get two types of files. The first is project_nameRegression.txt (project_name is the name read from the name of directory with data files) that contains data need for regression. The second type is smellsResult.txt that contains values of parameters used by neural network.

The regression file consists of the header (column names) and lines with integer values. The first column is the day number counted from the beginning of the project. In the second column there is the amount of the added lines to the project code that day.

The smellsResult.txt file consists of header (column names – parameter names) and lines with integer or double values. The first column is the name of the project. In the next columns there are values of parameters (NOD, CD, RCD, BFN, TAP, LCP, DC, NR, F).
